hi to all these families in this
new video we find ourselves for
change the font on ay
rise is so there you will see that
it's not the same and frankly the one
there is really good so what you
do is you're going to install a
tweak so it's going to do like monitor
board
we will have to install bitat melt
donations for you set and then like
winterboard you will need to install a
another theme so here it is a font
writing and right now the police
writing is saunier sketches and fire
forgiveness and therefore to install it
bitat form 2 which is free it's about
the source of big boss you will need
beat typing face two we love
the small load so for all
idevice can have a bone 7
and it's also out on the others
versions of ios
we are there so there you
see that it's vitaphone cochet 2
choose the original you are
add modify and then so they
are going to install so you will have this
small application
then as imagining long term so
either you can type in the settings
in a search by name and you
can type sony sketch here and so
I took the very first because
the others are not compatible with you
can click on it to make
install and then modified if that
term do not please you can
go to category 1
and then you go looking for them
packages for bi ta phong 2 so it takes
to charge or even to arrive here you
click on it and there you have full ben
full full of writing font so
jeans promoted to the nose
So here it is free and you
so see the same screenshot
to see
does it change in the skin list
so here I hope this little tutorial
you arrive you can always
subscribe to my youtube channel and but
this video and you can still there
commented and see my other videos that
came out not so long ago
and there you can see that my is my
cain theme which is ticked there so it's
under him if I took so here is so we
is saying very soon next tip
Hi